-   <a href="#_markdownutils" id="toc-_markdownutils">MarkdownUtils</a>
    -   <a href="#_com_kazurayam_markdownutils_pandocmarkdowntranslator" id="toc-_com_kazurayam_markdownutils_pandocmarkdowntranslator">com.kazurayam.markdownutils.PandocMarkdownTranslator</a>
        -   <a href="#_problem_to_solve" id="toc-_problem_to_solve">Problem to solve</a>

# MarkdownUtils

## com.kazurayam.markdownutils.PandocMarkdownTranslator

### Problem to solve

The `README_.adoc` is orighinally authored in Asciidoc.
I will execute the following command.

    $ cd $MarkdownUtils
    $ ./readmeconv.sh -t

The `readmeconv.sh` will generate `README.md` file. It will have
the following "Table of Contents" section.

    -   [MarkdownUtils](#_markdownutils)
        -   [com.kazurayam.markdownutils.PandocMarkdownTranslator](#_com_kazurayam_markdownutils_pandocmarkdowntranslator)
            -   [Problem to solve](#_problem_to_solve)

    # MarkdownUtils
    ...

When I push this README.md up to GitHub, the link from TOC
to the body sections does not work. The links are broken.

What do I mean "the links are broken"? If you open <https://github.com/kazurayam/MarkdownUtils/> using
any web browser and view the HTML source, you will find a section:

            <a href="#_problem_to_solve">Problem to solve</a>

and also you will find a sction:

I will execute the follwoing command:

    $ cd $MarkdownUtils
    $ java -jar ./libs/MarkdownUtils-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT ./README.md ./temp.md

The jar contains the `com.kazurayam.markdownutils.PandocMarkdownTranslator` class.
The above command will call `translateFile("./README.md", "temp.md")` emthod, and
generate a new file `temp.md`, which will have the following section:

    -   [MarkdownUtils](#markdownutils)
        -   [com.kazurayam.markdownutils.PandocMarkdownTranslator](#com-kazurayam-markdownutils-pandocmarkdowntranslator)
            -   [Problem to solve](#problem-to-solve)

    # MarkdownUtils
    ...

Please find the link symbols are slightly amended.
The amended link symbols conforms to GitHub Flavoured Mardown spec.
When `temp.md` is pushed to GitHub, the links in TOC to text body will work.

The `PandocMarkdownTranslator` does this small patching over Markdown texts
generated by `pandoc`.
